so get my cock another
Fund from the patch five points it
do the exercise program like you
If you see me twice here twice
tank and six times the idea and why
we do that is very clear that the
human is very very high rating
directly to a spot on the positioning
we distribute marx around the boss
and to every market we make that
player to it and what is left is
then practically every tank as well as 1 2
million depending on how many you are in here
setup has the positioning includes the
is very important and indeed out
this reason throughout the whole
Rides from the g1 always come
again these purple over and there
Have players as fast as possible
purely then if now in half past nine
Of course nobody sends in and that
is triggered then there is so much
hurt as another pan-European
innovation in the hartz iv very much
annoying it in this black balls we
here you can see the spawning players
position or tight and around that
means that every player can do so
a bullet appear
and now of course you have to be careful
if you go through his ball
should you have your pet and thereby that in
the first phase is not high anymore
Everything can be kept there
something absurd and so far
new style is of course that is very
very dangerous so we do it that way
the ball then you have the entire
the first phase put these relatively well
that means, first of all, take care of that
outer edge so as far as it is possible
goes from the forest path and then the more
balls come close to you moving
you also post but of course always with
this thought that if an area in
The near comes so if again swirl
come near you there you should the
can reach and so if and when
There are not three bullets on the way
take the whirl because otherwise will
the whole thing very close
otherwise everything is already in the
normal therefore the post 50 and 100 energy
is there just this effect on the ground
he previously announced with the
We just made that racket
just solved that our of hank resp
non-active take aways marx there
puts where those punches come with it
then all players can see that
we then announced shortly before ts
this phase can occur and then
everyone out there soon as soon as the
transition phase is the ids and make
the whole player recently somehow cool
lausanne and so many balls and socks
possible all that just things and
You will then start in the next phase
much much more space therefore have equal
take as many balls as possible
and the whole will be from our partner
thinks single drinks so it works if
or even with a marketing if in there
Cool and management is then
he can take alone there must be
the whole world is not in front of the board
Collect to catch that is exactly
but you can think that alone
and he has to do it alone
because he gets so sexy
if not even 800 couple of revenge and
Of course, it does a lot accordingly
hurt in the next time on the
post Office
After we have the intermediate phase
has survived by exactly
as before in the father described
once upon a time as your representative of the
Post her accordingly fast
in beer gets the whole game
starts again from the beginning
Of course, you have to do a bit of it now
watch out the entire encounter is
mainly the match in counter that
means that it looks new now
Recipes at the bigger cadres are available
everything just class that very much
he has a high single target image
then not so many problems with that
boss did but that it then without
problems before you do business
have the first phase again then
there's still a Zwischenphase and
then he goes to the english and
Kill your player gradually
So there you have to look that he
practically enough in advance in advance
the match is coming on the bus
that's why we also fight a lot
right at the beginning when all drinking
Brock reports and everything is ready
pulled right at the pool fight and then
let's go what I have not been to
The little one was about
randomly from topplayer position so
if a player is placed high and he
lands again appears on this
position becomes a little apps that will
just come often depends or on the
active tank depending on who he is doing
is drawn to the poster and by the way
from penk just around the clips or
do not need to support the cds
they should stay on the post
and do as much harm as possible
given
so we would have the most important points
we wish you all
Of course, good luck with that
you hardly should it be any
ask questions or give any clarity
because just write in the comments to
Our team will be as fast as you
possible to take care of it and let's go
then exactly to your question one should
you will also have to query how
no idea had no driver now
think or take a brand thinking that
but you only have peace and
deka or so then that costs in the
comments and we'll be there then
try as much as possible this as well as
we can help you
of course help and the whole thing
fast as possible so you do not have to
wait a month but look now
every day and he will ask
you too within 24 hours
answer
Many Thanks